Okay, goodnight, boys
and I can't stress enough.
- Sleep tight.
- Goodnight, daddy
Sweet dreams. Bye-bye.
'Sweet dreams.'
[chuckles]
I can't believe
we're actually alone.
Grrr!
- You hear that?
- Peace and quiet.
Right.
[giggles]
- Mm, honey?
- Hmm..
Why don't we get
more comfortable.
I'm comfortable with that.
[chuckles]
[both chuckle]
How did you guys
burst out of your cribs, huh?
I know what happened.
I think when the guards
weren't looking
they tied their diapers together
and went over the wall.
[theme music]
♪ Ahhh ahh ahh ahhh ♪
♪ Ahhhh ♪
♪ Whatever happened
to predictability ♪
♪ The milk man
the paper boy ♪
♪ Evening TV ♪
♪ Ahhh ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Everywhere ♪
♪ There's a heart ♪
♪ A hand to hold on to ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Everywhere ♪
♪ There's a face ♪
♪ Of somebody
who needs you ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ When you're lost
out there ♪
♪ And you're all alone ♪
♪ A light is waitin' ♪
♪ To carry you home ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Dooby do ba ba dow ♪♪
[instrumental music]
[horn honking]
Oh, there's my cab.
Oh, I wish you didn't have
to go so soon.
- Dad!
- Dad.
Dad, would you tell her
that I get the cherry candy?
- No, I get the--
- No, I get it.
Wait, wait, wait,
girls, girls, girls. Hold it.
There are
two candies here, okay.
Now, one of you
gets the cherry one
and the other one
gets the nut cluster.
Nuts make me gag.
Here, Steph,
you can hold down nuts.
Sure, punish the one with
the good digestive system.
How do you always manage
to get your way?
Sorry. Can't talk
with my mouth full.
[Danny chuckles]
Oh, I've really got to go.
Goodbye. Goodbye.
- Bye. Uh, you're forgetting..
- Bye, Vicky.
- Vicky, uh..
- Goodbye.
- Bye.
- Oh, God.
- Goodbye.
- H-hello.
- Oh, I knew I forgot someone.
- Right.
Bye.
Can't believe
she's gone already.
She sees more of the cab driver
than she sees of me.
Well, he is better-looking.
Daddy, do you love Vicky?
[chuckles]
Yes, I do, sweetheart.
Very much.
Well, then marry her already.
[chuckles]
Honey, it's not that simple.
First I'd have to ask her..
...and then she'd
have to say yes.
Sounds pretty simple to me.
Come on, go for it, Mr. Tanner.
If I loved somebody
and wanted to get married
there's nothin'
in this whole world
that could stop me.
Except maybe
a concerned parent.
[chuckles]
Hey, Beck, Beck.
Guess where I'm playing
next weekend with The Rippers.
- Disney World.
- 'Someone squealed.'
No. Honey, your agent
just called.
Congratulations.
Well, honey,
y-y-you don't seem very happy.
Well, it's just that
on my anniversary
I'd like to be
in the same state as my husband.
Yes, and that's exactly why
I booked us
in the honeymoon suite.
- Both of us?
- Uh-huh.
- Together?
- Yeah.
Oh, sweetheart, this will be
like a second honeymoon.
- Mm.
Exactly what I had in mind.
Well, wait a minute,
what about Nicky and Alex?
You think, they'll like
taking their bath
in a heart-shaped tub?
Well, about Nicky and Alex,
you know, I'm thinkin'
why don't we leave them home
with the family?
I mean, as I recall,
if we wanna make more kids
we're gonna need some
time alone.
Oh, but I'll really
miss the boys.
Me, too.
Where are the suitcases?
- In the closet.
- I'll get it.
- Hey, you guys busy?
- Oh, no. No.
We were just saying,
you know, we're spending
way too much time alone.
Great. Then you're
gonna love this.
Jess, I'm coming
to Florida with you.
- No, you're not.
- Yes, I am.
I talked to the radio station.
They agreed to send me
so we could do
our radio show from there,
plus they're gonna
broadcast your concert live
back to San Francisco.
- Ha, ha, ha.
- Huh, huh, huh.
That's funny, Joey,
but you're not going.
Uncle Jesse, Uncle Jesse.
We're coming
to Florida with you.
- No, you're not.
- Yes, we are.
It's a school vacation
next week
and "Wake up, San Francisco's"
in reruns.
So dad's taking all of us down.
- No, he's not.
- Yes, he is.
Yeah.
Thanks, Mr. T.
You know, Kimmy,
as much as we love spending
every waking hour with you,
I'm afraid
the Tanner family budget's
already little tight.
Oh, no problem,
my folks have a standing offer.
They'll pay for
any vacation I take
as long as it's without them
and I stay over
on a Saturday night.
I get the window seat
on the plane.
- No, you don't.
- Yes, I do.
If I don't sit
next to the window, I gag.
I thought nuts made you gag.
Two things can make you gag.
We'll discuss
what makes you gag later.
The important thing is
we're all going to be together.
- Except us.
- I'm gonna miss you so much.
I'm gonna miss you too much.
I'm gonna miss
you much too much.
Correction, Michelle.
Three things can make you gag.
Okay, Florida, here we come.
Come on, we got maps to study.
[instrumental music]
[music continues]
Alright, Jesse, Nicky,
Alex, Becky, Kimmy.
D.J., Joey, Steph, Michelle.
Oh, wait a minute,
where's Macaulay Culkin?
'Ha, ha.
Just a little joke there.'
[instrumental music]
Wow, look who's here!
Hi, Donald.
Hi, Goofy.
I'm Michelle Tanner.
Maybe later
we can have a tea party.
Yeah, yeah that-that would be
really cool, you know?
Maybe we could get
Pluto and Minnie
and we could drink out
of those little cups
and you know, put our..
...little pinkie up and, uh..
Or maybe we could play hockey.
Right, guys, if you want to.
- Hey..
- Hey, do you want to say hi?
Give Donald a big hug and kiss.
Give goofy a kiss.
Give goofy a kiss on the nose.
- Give him a kiss.
- Alright!
I tell you, they're big fans of
yours and you know what, me too.
I-I've seen all your films
and I really love your work.
I really do.
Okay, nice to meet you guys.
- Say bye-bye, Goofy.
- Goodbye.
- Bye-bye, Goofy.
- Ha, ha. Bye-bye, Goofy.
Okay, since everybody wants
to see different things
I've taken the liberty
of drawing up
personalized itineraries.
- Oh, Danny.
- Oh, come on.
Hey, no need to thank me.
I kinda enjoyed it.
Listen, I'm gonna meet
an old friend who's an animator
and, uh, he's gonna show me
where the cartoon magic happens.
Yeah, and Jesse
and I have, uh
our own plans
for our anniversary.
- Right, honey?
- Yes, we have our own plans.
We're going to have a great
anniversary right after, uh
right after my rehearsal!
Rehearsal?
- Yeah. Just a tiny little one.
- Jess.
I'm sorry, honey.
It just came up.
Look, I'm gonna do the rehearsal
and then I'll meet you guys
at Fantasy Land, and then, uh..
We'll talk about a couple
of fantasies I have of my own.
Alright, I'll see you
in an hour.
- Bye-bye. Bye, boys.
- Okay.
Go with Uncle Joey.
- See you guys later.
- Okay, bye, Goofy.
Argh, I'm so jazzed that Vicky's
flying in to see us.
Are you going to ask
Vicky to marry you, dad?
I-I don't know.
You know, I just..
I've been driving myself crazy
just thinking about it.
What I'm gonna do is,
I'm just gonna follow my heart
and just bypass
my brain entirely.
I never use my brain.
Trust me, after a while,
you won't even miss it.
Can't miss
what you never had.
Daddy, when is the fun
gonna start?
Right now, sweetheart.
Okay, does everybody have
their itineraries?
All right, here we go.
Follow me.
♪ Zippity doo dah ♪
♪ Zippity ay ♪
♪ My oh my ♪
♪ What a wonderful day ♪♪
[instrumental music]
[train bells ringing]
- Wow!
- Oh, man!
[D.J. giggling]
- Way cool!
- This is great!
Wow. Can we move here?
'That's my kind of house.'
Hey, what's that?
Okay, who's next?
Step right up
and rub the magic lamp.
Oh, wow.
Look at all the guys
from "Aladdin."
Yeah, there's the lamp seller
and Princess Jasmine.
Steve!
- Where?
- Up.
Uh...in San Francisco.
Ha ha ha!
Okay, who's next?
Step right up
and rub the magic lamp.
Today only,
the lucky boy or girl
who makes the Genie appear
will be crowned prince
or princess for the day
and be granted three wishes.
- Wow!
- Whoa!
Come along.
No genie. Too bad.
Ah-ah, who's next, who's next?
- I am.
- No, I am!
- I am!
Steph, Steph, just let her go.
She's just a little kid.
Yeah, and Chucky
was just a doll.
Come on, people are waiting.
Fine.
Go ahead, Michelle.
- You get your way again.
- Thank you.
[Arabian music]
- 'Ooh!'
- 'Oh-ho!'
- 'Oh!'
- 'Ho ho ho.'
Whoa!
(in unison)
Whoa, baby!
[music continues]
Wow!
You have awakened the Genie.
Congratulations.
You are princess for the day.
[crowd cheering]
I am?
Holy moly!
Hey, blondie, that was
supposed to be your turn.
Really?
I didn't notice.
All hail our princess
for the day.
[crowd cheering]
'And remember,
you have three wishes.'
[instrumental music]
Isn't this incredible, Steph,
our little sister is gonna have
all her dreams come true.
What else is new?
Princess Michelle
what's the first
of your three wishes?
I wish for peace on Earth.
Boring!
Okay, I got one.
I wish we can go on any ride
and not wait in line.
[chuckles]
Your first wish is granted.
And, princess, be sure
to come back this afternoon
to main street
where you will ride on a float
in our big parade.
No way!
Way!
This is unreal!
[crowd cheering]
[instrumental music]
Ah, Mark, it's great
to see you.
Hi. Oh, hey.
Hi, Mickey.
[chuckles]
Everybody here's so happy.
Oh, for a cartoon freak like me,
this place is heaven.
Would you like
something to drink?
Yeah, sure. How about, uh..
How about one of those
big cartoon milk shakes
you know, with a mountain
of whipped cream
served by four little
mouse butlers?
- Coffee?
- Coffee's fine, sure.
[chuckles]
♪ Ta da da ta ta ♪♪
Hmm.
Mm-hmm.
♪ Ya da da da ♪♪
(male #1)
'Hey, not bad.'
[instrumental music]
Who said that?
Uh, down here, big guy.
Wow!
You're me.
I'm you.
You're a cartoon.
I'm a cartoon.
Hey, didn't you
forget something
you know, like, uh,
the rest of me?
Oh. Sorry.
[chuckles]
'How's that?'
You're new at this, right?
'Ha, ha, great.'
Ha, you know, I always wanted
to be a cartoon.
Hey, um, when you get
hit on the head
do you see little birdies?
[imitates birds chirp]
And, when someone
drops an anvil on you
'do you crunch like
an accordion and pop back out?'
Ha, ha, that's kid stuff.
Watch this.
[instrumental music]
Whao!
Woo-ho-ho.
[whistle blowing]
[crowd cheering]
[imitates crowd cheering]
[music continues]
Oh, man.
That was so cool.
Doesn't that hurt your head?
Ooh, now that you mention it
could you draw me
a couple of aspirin?
Ha ha ha!
[Joey chuckles]
Joey...what's so funny?
Nothing.
Nothing at all.
I, uh..
Guess I was
daydreaming, Mark.
Well, come on,
I'll show you around.
Okay. Ha.
[instrumental music]
[indistinct chattering]
Oh!
Ooh!
[parrot chirping]
Hi, sweetheart.
- Hi.
You know...as I was
watching you just now I-I..
I really, I realized
more than ever
how beautiful
and gentle you are.
I'm serious.
I mean, you're so wonderful,
even the birds love you.
Well, uh, It helps to have
a purse full of sunflower seeds.
[chuckles]
Vicky, it's all clear to me now.
I don't have a doubt in my mind.
In fact, I don't have
anything in my mind.
I mean, not that I'm an
airhead or anything, but, uh..
You know, what, I'm just
I'm gonna stop rambling
and, uh...I'm gonna let
my heart do the talking.
- Vicky.
- Yes, Danny?
Would you..
[band music]
Vicky. Vicky!
- What?
- Would you..
- Would I what?
Would you like a bratwurst?
Too bad, I didn't bring
my clogs.
Vicky, I'll meet you later
at the Schnitzel Bar.
[instrumental music]
This way.
Come on.
Uh, you guys, wait.
Splash mountain is this way.
I wanna go on
the carrousel first.
Aw, come on, Michelle.
Uh, uh, uh.
Steph, what are we gonna do
we have to listen
or it's off with our heads.
- Come on.
- Uh.
[indistinct chattering]
'You boys are looking mighty
tall in that little store.'
Well, partners...I reckon
this town ain't big enough
for the three of us.
Hey. Hi.
Guys, I got you a present.
Ready. Ready for your present?
- Look at this.
- 'Oh!'
- Here. Try your hats on.
- Mickey ears.
- Here we go.
- Oh.
Alright. Here let me get
a picture. Okay.
Come on.
Smile, you guys.
'Cheese.'
Alright, lookin' good, boys.
Honey, where were you?
I was worried about you.
Oh, I'm sorry,
rehearsal ran late
uh, but listen, you know, what,
I'm here now. Everything's fine.
But you gotta go do
your radio show.
Oh, that's right.
But, you know, what,
after my radio show
I promise you,
I'm gonna take you
on a romantic cruise for our
anniversary on the lagoon.
How's that sound?
You know, that's sweet,
but be realistic
you've got
a million things to do.
I mean, even Superman couldn't
pull off your schedule.
Superman was a wimp.
I mean, think about it,
the guy wears his underwear
over his tights.
Oh, look, promise,
look, pack a lunch for me, okay
and meet me on the docks,
and I'll be there, alright?
Hold those lips.
Give daddy a kiss.
Okay, we'll see you, boys.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye, daddy.
'Bye-bye.'
[water splashing]
[instrumental music]
This is amazing.
Jesse and Joey doing their
radio show from underwater.
I can't believe Jesse would do
something like that.
- Scuba dive?
- Get his hair wet.
[laughs]
You're funny too.
You're,
you're everything.
You're perfect.
Could you call,
tell my mother that?
[chuckles]
Vicky, uh, I was trying
to ask you something before
and, uh, I'd like
to ask you again.
Would you..
Ah!
'It's Jesse and Joey.'
Great timing.
'Now, talk about the wet look.'
'Oh, I can't believe
he brought a comb.'
If he brought a blow dryer,
they'd both be in trouble.
[chuckles]
Hi.
Mm-hmm. Mm.
[instrumental music]
Isn't this fun, Steph?
It was fun,
the first 10 times.
[instrumental music]
'You guys, look,
Prince Charming.'
I could swear it was..
(in unison)
Steve.
So far, you thought
Robin Hood, Captain Hook
and Mary Poppins
looked like Steve.
Well, they did.
Yo, princie! Over here!
"Women who hallucinate
in theme parks"
on the next "Oprah"..
[sighs]
Okay, what's next?
- Splash mountain.
- Uh-uh. Carousel again.
Michelle, we were on it
ten times.
Why are we letting this little
half pint tell us what to do?
Maybe, you didn't notice
this crown on my head.
If your head gets any bigger,
it's gonna fall off.
Okay, conference.
This princess thing's
outta control.
'I can't take it anymore.'
Well, I've gotta admit
she's getting way too bossy.
- Who needs them?
- What's her problem.
She's treating us like
we're the ugly stepsisters.
Kimmy..
Nah. Too easy.
What do you mean by that?
I mean, too easy because--
Look, look, I'll just go talk
to Michelle, okay?
Michelle.
Where'd she go?
- Michelle!
- She's gone!
You better go tell your dad.
Let me know how he takes it.
Kimmy, we just lost
our little sister.
- Michelle!
'Michelle, where are you?'
[instrumental music]
(Vicky)
'Oh, Danny,
isn't that beautiful?'
(Danny)
'What? Oh, oh, yeah.
Oh, that's fascinating.'
Oh, ha, ha.
Darn, they're leaving.
Bye, guys.
Look, Vicky, I better
ask you this fast
before somebody else does.
- Vicky, I--
- Mr. Tanner.
You have a phone call.
Of course I do.
[sighs]
Figures.
Hello.
What?
[gasps]
Michelle's lost.
We'll be right there.
Here.
Come on.
[indistinct chattering]
- Michelle!
- Michelle, where are you?
Michelle!
- 'Michelle!'
'Michelle, where are you?'
- 'Michelle, where are you?'
- 'Michelle!'
Michelle, where are you?
Michelle!
♪ Ahhh ahh ahh ahhh ♪
[theme music]
[music continues]
♪ Ahhh ahh ahh ahhh ♪
♪ Dooby do ba ba dow ♪♪